doc/overview.md, before:

# User documentation {#mainpage}

## About Super4PCS

The Super4PCS library is a set C++ libraries, standalone applications and plugins released under the terms of the *APACHE V2 licence*, which makes it free for commercial and research use.

It provides state of the art global registration techniques for 3d pointclouds. Still under active development, the library is currently improved by adding wrappers to existing software, and by stabilizing the API.

In a nutshell, it provides:
* two core packages: [algorithms](@ref GlobalRegistration::algorithms) and [accelerators](@ref GlobalRegistration::accelerators),
* two convenience packages: [io](@ref GlobalRegistration::io) and [utils](@ref GlobalRegistration::utils),
* several [demonstrators](@ref Super4PCS-Demos):
   * a [command line application](@ref Super4PCS-App),
   * wrappers to use the algorithms with the [Point Cloud Library](@ref Super4PCS-PCL) and [CGAL](@ref Super4PCS-CGAL) (coming soon)
   * a [meshlab plugin](@ref Super4PCS-Meshlab)
* a [test suite](@ref GlobalRegistration::Testing)

### Usage and documentation

 - @subpage gettingstarted : How to use the library in 180 seconds
 - @subpage compilation : Compilation instructions and supported platform(s...). Also describe how to link with the library using cmake.
 - @subpage demos
 - @subpage datasets
 - @subpage fileformats : Supported file formats
 - @subpage usage : Hints for usage and parameter tuning
 - @subpage tests : Monitor continuous integration, run tests on your platform
 - @subpage currentrelease : Changelog and status of the current release
 - @subpage roadmap

## Compilation status
[stsimg-linux]: https://api.travis-ci.org/nmellado/Super4PCS.svg?branch=master
[stsimg-windw]: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/reg4cmhn309w1s8k/branch/master?svg=true

[Travis]: https://travis-ci.org/nmellado/Super4PCS "Travis"
[AppVeyor]: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/nmellado/super4pcs "AppVeyor"

| Linux  \& MacOS | Windows         |
| :----:          | :-----:         |
| ![stsimg-linux] | ![stsimg-windw] |
| [Travis]        | [AppVeyor]      |


## Credits
* Nicolas Mellado: conception, implementation and examples
* Dror Aiger: 4pcs implementation
* Niloy Mitra: 4pcs implementation

### Contributors
* [Simone Gasparini](https://github.com/simogasp) Pull-Request reviews
* [xinkang](https://github.com/xinkang) Fix include path of timer.h


### Citation
```
﻿@misc {Super4PCSLibrary,
    author = {Mellado, Nicolas and Aiger, Dror and Mitra, Niloy J.},
    title = {Super 4PCS Library},
    howpublished = {https://github.com/nmellado/Super4PCS},
    year = {2017},
}
```

Commit message:

Changes in the compilation doc :  - Use https clone url  - add move to build dir after the git clone (cd build)  - update download websites  - update doxyfile from 1.8.1.2 to 1.8.15 version  - update readme to describe the purpose of the library  - update logo  - usage:    - Explicit help to know where run the Super4pcs executable    - Explicit help to know where run the script test exemple.sh
Change the P_pairs and Q_pairs variable names into Firts_pairs and Second_pairs in the follow files :
4pcs.cc, 4pcs.h, match4pcsBase.h, super4pcs.cc and super4pcs.h

doc/overview.md, after:

# User documentation {#mainpage}

## About OpenGR

OpenGR is a set C++ libraries for 3D Global Registration, standalone applications and plugins released under the terms of the *APACHE V2 licence*, which makes it free for commercial and research use.

It provides state of the art global registration techniques for 3d pointclouds. Still under active development, the library is currently improved by adding wrappers to existing software, and by stabilizing the API.

In a nutshell, it provides:
* two core packages: [algorithms](@ref GlobalRegistration::algorithms) and [accelerators](@ref GlobalRegistration::accelerators),
* two convenience packages: [io](@ref GlobalRegistration::io) and [utils](@ref GlobalRegistration::utils),
* several [demonstrators](@ref Super4PCS-Demos):
   * a [command line application](@ref Super4PCS-App),
   * wrappers to use the algorithms with the [Point Cloud Library](@ref Super4PCS-PCL) and [CGAL](@ref Super4PCS-CGAL) (coming soon)
   * a [meshlab plugin](@ref Super4PCS-Meshlab)
* a [test suite](@ref GlobalRegistration::Testing)

### Usage and documentation

 - @subpage gettingstarted : How to use the library in 180 seconds
 - @subpage compilation : Compilation instructions and supported platform(s...). Also describe how to link with the library using cmake.
 - @subpage demos
 - @subpage datasets
 - @subpage fileformats : Supported file formats
 - @subpage usage : Hints for usage and parameter tuning
 - @subpage tests : Monitor continuous integration, run tests on your platform
 - @subpage currentrelease : Changelog and status of the current release
 - @subpage roadmap

## Compilation status
[stsimg-linux]: https://api.travis-ci.org/STORM-IRIT/OpenGR.svg?branch=master
[stsimg-windw]: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/wpilmlfk8obuod8b/branch/master?svg=true



[Travis]: https://travis-ci.org/STORM-IRIT/OpenGR "Travis"
[AppVeyor]: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/nmellado/opengr/ "AppVeyor"

| Linux  \& MacOS | Windows         |
| :----:          | :-----:         |
| ![stsimg-linux] | ![stsimg-windw] |
| [Travis]        | [AppVeyor]      |


## Credits
* Nicolas Mellado: conception, implementation and examples
* Dror Aiger: 4pcs implementation
* Niloy Mitra: 4pcs implementation

### Contributors
* [Simone Gasparini](https://github.com/simogasp) Pull-Request reviews
* [xinkang](https://github.com/xinkang) Fix include path of timer.h


### Citation
```
﻿@misc {OpenGR,
    author = {Mellado, Nicolas and Aiger, Dror and Mitra, Niloy J.},
    title = {OpenGR: a 3D Global Registration Library},
    howpublished = {https://github.com/STORM-IRIT/OpenGR},
    year = {2018},
}
```
